life is safer with these three abilities
the ability to hold your body weight
with just one hand it's not really about
hanging from a bar though it's more
about if you trip you'll be able to grip
something to keep from accidentally unal
living
yourself is the ability to fall without
getting hurt cuz if there's nothing to
grip you're still going to fall so you
might as well get good at it and lastly
is the ability to jump you don't have to
be able to dunk a basketball but if
something comes flying your way
sometimes all you can do is just jump to
the side I know it might seem silly but
all it takes is one slip to change your
life if you're able body do not take it
for granted stay flexy